docs: Search Metadata Batch 04 (#14596)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/config-entries/mesh.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: Mesh: Configuration Entry Reference
description: >-

> The mesh configuration entry kind defines global default settings like TLS version requirements for proxies inside the service mesh. Use the reference guide to learn about `""mesh`"" config entry parameters and how to prevent transparent proxies from communicating with services outside of the mesh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mesh configuration entry kind defines global default settings like TLS version requirements for proxies inside the service mesh. Use the reference guide to learn about `""mesh`"" config entry parameters and how to control communication with services outside of the mesh.
```
